Guys welcome back.
So we're going to carry on with our styling now.
I am going to move on to the burn that is right here.
I'll show you what it's going to look like.
So when we're done it's going to look something like this.
And this is pretty simple.
If you open these Spectre so right click inspect element and then select the button.
So click on this thing right there.
Click the burn like that and we can have the s here so we can see it.
So yes a background colour is going to be transparent background colour transparent where we can say
the border.
She's going to be one Picaxe solid.
And the colour is going to be white so therefore if the border radius which is going to be how round
the corners are.
So the radius we're going to do a fairly large number just but to June 50 pixels like that just so we
know it stays around.
You can change this jab if I'd put a five pixels so five x ray There you see.
The board is only slightly rounded.
Another as I increase it over I press the barrier to increase this.
You see the more I do the more round it gets red.
So we want to be completely round at the corners so just put some large number of whiskers a to 50 pixels.
You don't need to do a number that large I guess but let's just go with that colour which is the text
colour is going to be white on is already white the moment.
But is there to be bit more explicit display.
Block which means he'll appear on his own line.
Nothing will appear alongside it.
Font size font size is going to be a say 14 pixel as Try that letter spacing which is going to be the
spacing between each letter and as you probably guess say two pixels a bit too much Losee one pixel
this is slight gap.
If I change at zero you see how it looks.
See the letters are close together.
If I made that to Windows or now you'll see the letters spaceball about bit.
But some margin on this margin is going to be 20 pixels on top and bottom and then let's say Porto for
the left and right.
And also if you remember me saying before purchasing the centre of its container height we're going
to put 41 pixels like that width is going to be 100 percent.
We won't state the whole with the container again.
And do there's a burn survivor about the here statue.
This one's got slightly thicker border so if things go back to the border right here and change from
one pixel to two pixels or something does go with that.
So copy and paste all this I want to go to to our success file.
So go back to here.
And the bottom just put in foot container and then space.
But since this is all the burns it's the input container is what is our target.
They sign there save it.
We also do something when we hover over the bottom goes at the moment.
If you look at this my cursor know the mouse pointer doesn't change so what I want to do is make it
so it becomes a pointer.
For example if a hover over this button you see the maskers changes to the pointer.
So we don't do that when you hover over it change them out.
And that's really easy copying basis Barbare because I'm too lazy to grab.
Yeah.
So there and then after the burn part do colon hover.
Are going to target the button.
But when it's hovered over so when you hover over it we're just going to say cursor pointer like that.
And now for our freshest page you'll see the magic is a Gaza.
You see this.
The bomb Burns also style and that's it real simple.